#SysBrick LLC Terms of Service
Last updated December 1, 2018

## 1. Terms

By accessing the website of SysBrick LLC ("SysBrick", "we", "us", or "our") at
[http://sysbrick.net](http://sysbrick.net/) or any subdomain thereof, you are agreeing to be
bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are
responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. This includes the laws in your
jurisdiction, the laws of the state of Indiana, and the laws of the state (or other
jurisdiction) where your server is hosted (if applicable). If you do not agree with any of
these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in
this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.

## 2. Use License

a. Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or
software) on SysBrick LLC's website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only.
This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
 - modify or copy the materials;
 - use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (whether
   commercial or non-commercial);
 - attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on SysBrick LLC's website;
 - remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
 - transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.

b. This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and
may be terminated by us at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon
the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession
whether in electronic or physical (e.g. printed) format.

## 3. Disclaimer

a. The materials on our website are provided on an "as is" basic. We make no warranties,
expressed or implied, and hereby disclaim and negate all other warranties including, without
limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

b. Further, we do not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely
results, or reliability of the use of the materials on our website or otherwise relating to
such materials or on any sites linked to this site.

## 4. Limitations

In no event shall SysBrick or its suppliers, affiliates, or contractors be liable for any
damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to
business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on our
website, even if SysBrick or one of its authorized representatives has been notified orally
or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow
limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or
incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

## 5. Accuracy of materials

The materials appearing on our website could include technical, typographical, or
photographic errors. We do not warrant that any of the materials contained on our website are
accurate, complete, or current. We may make changes to the materials contained on our website
at any time without notice. However, we do not make any commitment to update the materials.

## 6. Links

We have not reviewed all of the sites linked to our website, and we are not responsible for
the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by
us of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.

## 7. Arbitration

Through the use of any of our services, you are giving up your right to bring a case against
us in a court of law through this binding arbitration clause. Instead, cases brought against
us shall be taken in front of a neutral arbitrator, chosen by us. However, nothing in these
terms shall affect any non-waivable statutory rights which apply to you.

## 8. Modifications

We may modify, revise, or amend these terms of service at any time, with or without notice.
By using this website, you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these
terms.

## 9. Governing Law

These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of Indiana, and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in
that State or Location.

If any of these terms and conditions are found to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable by a
court of law, the rest of these terms shall remain in tact.